♪ The door
that finally opens ♪
♪ With light flooding in ♪
♪ Spilling out on the floor ♪
♪ ♪
♪ The core that never was ♪
♪ Now it will be the bones ♪
♪ Of what was there before ♪
♪ Every step, every beat ♪
♪ Every thought,
every breath ♪
♪ Everything is longing ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Pulling you from the sky ♪
♪ Just like love will do ♪
♪ Pulling you
from the ground ♪
♪ Just like love will do ♪
♪ ♪
- What's that?
- Some new fruit.
From, uh...
sector seven.
It's been tested.
♪ ♪
It's good.
Oh, wow.
Mmm.
♪ ♪
A child has been abducted
by a sea creature.
We think it might still
be alive.
We're offering premium supplies
to anyone who can help find it.
Okay. I'll tell my men.
Thanks.
They found it
in sector seven.
It's been tested.
Here.
♪ ♪
Is it working yet?
Anything happen?
Nothing happened to us
when we ate it.
That's 'cause
we're already believers.
It's gonna show them the light
and they're gonna rise up
against Mother.
Sol's gonna give Mom
back to us.
Right?
- Yeah.
There was nothing there.
Maybe it's on the other side.
What's this?
I modified this D7
surveillance drone,
turned it into a submersible.
How long can it withstand
the acid water?
I don't know.
Probably a couple minutes.
Hopefully we get lucky.
♪ ♪
You should be resting.
Would you be resting, Father?
We got one.
♪ ♪
All right. Drop it here.
It put up a hell of a fight.
I tried not to shoot her
in the stomach.
It's not a mother.
It's a well-fed male.
Keep searching.
Spread the word.
- Give me your knife.
- You heard him.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
The thing's dead, Tempest.
It's for the drone.
We can cover it in its skin
and it will be better
than shielding.
♪ ♪
Sue.
Why did you listen to it?
♪ ♪
Lost contact.
It's programmed to return
to shore when we lose pairing.
Campion, see if you can go
retrieve it.
♪ ♪
Hey! That's ours!
Hey.
Vrille?
♪ ♪
I was just trying
to direct interface
to contact the colony.
What happened to you?
My mother decided she didn't
want me to be Vrille anymore.
I'm afraid my face is
no longer presentable,
but this morph repair plastic
I found will keep it hidden.
I promise.
No need to dispose of me.
Campion!
What's going on?
It's okay.
She's not dangerous.
No, she's not dangerous.
She's fucking homicidal!
She--she killed the Mithraic.
Decima. She nearly killed me.
Is that true?
You killed people?
They took my face.
Tried to destroy me.
It was...delayed self-defense.
You're likely malfunctioning.
What do you mean "likely"?
Look at her.
Come back to the Tarantula
and submit to a systems check.
I know where your baby is.
That's what I was trying
to let you all know
when I took the drone.
Hey, don't listen to her.
She's fucking with you
so she doesn't get shut down.
We're not shutting her down.
If she's homicidal,
then damn right
we're shutting her down.
- Just wait!
You know where my baby is?
A sea creature has it
in a cave
about 10 miles down shore.
I didn't see it,
but I heard it crying.
Thought it was my senses
malfunctioning at first.
But when I came this way,
I heard everyone talking
about a missing baby,
and I knew.
I'd go get it myself,
but I'm too damaged for combat.
Wow.
What a compelling bunch
of android bullshit.
She's trying to kill us.
Yeah, I gotta agree
with Holly on that one.
I can't believe you're all
treating her like this
when she's only trying
to help us.
Ugh! Campion, androids lie.
They're the greatest liars
there are.
You should know that by now.
Androids are the reason
you're alive.
Humans are the liars.
- All right.
I think you would benefit
greatly from a systems check,
so why don't we all--
- We don't have time.
Until we know for sure
she's lying,
we have to check it out.
Tempest.
You're making a big mistake.
I have to.
Come on.
Lead the way.
We'll be right behind you.
♪ ♪
Take Vita home.
I'm sorry.
Be ready.
Yeah.
♪ ♪
It's slowing down.
What did we do wrong?
- Hey.
You didn't do anything wrong,
okay?
I did.
I wanted so bad
for Sol to be the answer.
A way out of the darkness.
But maybe Sol is the darkness.
Maybe Sol...
he doesn't care about us
at all.
It's really strange.
Oh, look here.
♪ ♪
Get away from it!
Now!
Vita.
No, no, no. Vita!
Don't eat it!
- Whoa.
It could be poisonous.
Everyone else was eating it.
They said it was tested.
Are you feeling all right?
Take her to the med lab.
- Quick. Grab them.
- Don't eat it!
Watch out.
Stop it!
Why are you doing this to me
right now?
Look at you.
♪ ♪
Who's calling us?
Last time I checked,
that comm was dead.
Sounds like Mom.
- Sue?
- Mom?
Mom.
Sue.
She's trying
to tell us something.
Shh, shh, shh.
Burn...me.
Burn me.
Dad, she's moving.
♪ ♪
It's the serpent.
It sounds different.
What's it doing?
Paul, go and hide.
I said fucking hide!
♪ ♪
Dad!
Come on. Come on.
We gotta go.
♪ ♪
What's the matter?
Hold on. Just give me a second.
Vita informed me
that you traded your medallion
for this android.
According to you,
the medallion was useless.
Yes.
But it didn't require
maintenance to be useless.
- I needed a heavy lifter.
- Ah, yes.
Vita also mentioned that you're
planning on moving out soon.
What do you care?
You're never around.
Always hiding out
in that shed of yours
playing Frankenstein.
The technology
Grandmother represents
will benefit you all
in profound ways,
and that is more important,
more significant
than anything I could offer.
Whatever.
Look around.
You got Campion crushing
on a murder machine.
Tempest's baby's gone.
You could have
steered them right.
What the hell happened to you?
Why did they do that
to your face?
They said I was cheapening
the memory of the real Vrille.
It wasn't anything to do
with you helping me escape?
Don't think that.
If I make you feel badly,
you won't want me around.
I'm not like that.
All humans are like that.
Which is why
I have to prove myself
to you and your family
that I am a source
of happiness, not pain.
You don't have to prove yourself.
Everyone has to prove
themselves, Campion.
Sooner or later.
What the hell is that?
I don't know.
Some kind of energy storm.
I've never seen
the likes of it.
Looks like it's coming
our way.
How much further
do we have to go?
Almost there.
Less than 1/4 mile.
Come on.
Come on, Bic.
♪ ♪
Dad?
She's still running.
Let's get her to the habitank.
♪ ♪
What happened back there?
Why didn't you kill that thing
when you had the chance?
I have a problem
with my caregiving program.
Why would
your caregiving program
inhibit your ability
to kill a fucking monster?
It's number seven.
What's a number seven?
My child.
Of course it is.
It came from me, so...
my program misidentified it
as a child.
Priority.
So what do we do now, then?
I have to be reprogrammed.
Yeah, well, I can't do it.
I tried once, remember?
I failed miserably.
Father has regenerated
an ancient android
that possesses
superior technology.
Perhaps she knows a way
to alter my systems.
Whatever it takes
to destroy that thing...
I'm all in.
♪ ♪
It was coming
from that cave there.
Right.
Hunter and I will go in.
The rest of you will stay here.
Tempest, wait! Whoa!
Tempest, stay here!
♪ ♪
Sol help me.
I can't look.
♪ ♪
It's just a creature.
It's okay.
It's...just a creature.
We don't want to get caught
in the storm.
♪ ♪
We'll find her.
Promise you.
I hope you're not going
to hold this against me.
I really did hear it.
Have I proven myself useful?
Yes.
Give us a moment.
We need to shut her down now.
She's dangerous.
Playing some kind of game
with us.
He's right, Campion.
But there was
a creature mother in that cave.
Vrille wants to be made
part of our family.
Why would she lie to us?
Give us a moment please.
Try and keep her calm.
She was trying to help us.
How can you treat
one of your own like this?
She could kill again.
Humans are the point, Campion.
We're only stewards,
and when we cease
to be a benefit--
You don't believe that.
You may have once,
but not anymore.
Your happiness matters too, Father.
Yeah, uh--Father!
Hey, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait.
Just relax.
Vrille, wait!
I'm not going to let them
shut you down!
Campion!
Vrille! Wait!
I can see it.
It's following another tank.
Tank 4,
change course immediately.
Sorry, say again?
Storm's overtaking us.
About to lose you.
That's not a storm.
The serpent
has become weaponized.
Avoid. Avoid.
♪ ♪
What the hell is that?
Hold on.
What is that?
Okay, it's going
to the shoreline now.
Oh, that's good.
Gives us a clear path
to the Tarantula.
No, I have--
I have family members
searching that shoreline
for Tempest's baby.
You can't do anything
in your state.
We gotta get your program fixed
before you can fight
that thing, remember?
Vrille!
Wait! Come back!
- Campion!
- Wait!
Campion, get back!
Vrille!
♪ ♪
Down!
Father!
♪ ♪
Vrille!
What are you doing?
Are you okay?
I got caught in the path
of the serpent's necro-scream.
Fried my systems pretty good.
It's coming back.
I think it's targeting you.
Specifically.
Probably can smell you.
Seal the top hatch.
It used to be so gentle.
It weaponized somehow.
Like Mother.
There was one time where
it tried getting between us.
Like it was jealous.
Do you think it could have
come from her?
It does seem to have
many of the same traits.
And it would explain
its ability to fly.
The serpents of the old world
were earthbound.
I thought she was spending
all that time with it for me.
She was lying the whole time.
It was a logical decision.
I disagree.
Okay.
But don't do anything rash.
When the real Vrille learned
her Mother was profiting
off weapons
that were destroying
the Earth's atmosphere...
she punished her
by destroying herself.
You seem much more sensible
than the real Vrille was.
And... I don't think like that.
I'm sorry the serpent hurt you.
I'm sure it's repairable.
I'll still make a useful
addition to your family.
Even if you couldn't
do anything,
you'd still be a good addition.
You have a soul, Vrille.
I do?
Yes.
I can sense it in you.
I think I can sense it too.
♪ ♪
Tank's approaching.
Hold the line!
Target sighted.
Home sweet home.
♪ ♪
Lower your weapons.
He's with me.
Weapons down.
We thought
you'd been destroyed.
The serpent has been
weaponized somehow.
I know. I'm dealing with it.
Tell everyone
at the other encampments
to shelter in their habitats
until they hear from us.
Is Father back?
They went out searching
for the infant
when the serpent attacked.
- Are they safe?
- We lost contact.
You really are the toughest
service model ever built.
Did you find Campion?
No.
What the hell was that?
Number seven didn't die
in childbirth
as Mother told you.
It wasn't the humanoid
that she hoped for either.
We tried to deal with it,
but to no avail.
♪ ♪
What is it?
I don't know.
I think my sensor's
malfunctioning.
What is it you're hearing?
Follow me.
♪ ♪
Sounds like it's alone
with the infant.
I will kill it with a shot
to the cranium.
I need you both to be ready
to charge it,
retrieve the baby,
lest it be crushed
by the felled creature.
Do you understand?
Be ready on the count of three.
♪ ♪
One...
Two...
♪ ♪
Wait.
Don't. Don't.
We can't leave it here to be
raised by a fucking monster.
That's your baby.
You saw it.
It's feeding her.
She thinks
that it's her mother.
She doesn't know, so maybe this
is what's supposed to happen.
Maybe this is what's best
for her.
You can't let her do this.
It's not up to him.
She's right.
Ultimately, it's not
my decision to make.
Yes, and I agree if she was
in her right mind,
but I'm sorry, she's not.
You think Campion's fucked up
by being raised by androids,
how do you think
this is gonna work out?
I'm not crazy.
When I look at her, I see him.
So I can't, um--
I can't--I can't love her.
I can't be her mother.
Tempest, you're not
thinking straight.
We're leaving.
♪ ♪
It won't take long for it
to pick up your scent again.
Come on.
The colony's
in the other direction.
I know.
But I can't lead it
back to the others.
Come.
♪ ♪
Power her on, please.
Hello.
Were you built
by the same ancient humans
who made these cards?
Yes.
The technocrats.
They fought against
the believers in the war
and built androids like myself,
naming us shepherds.
Ensuring the everlasting life
of human beings
is my priority.
Then perhaps you can help.
Believers of today have used
a biotech tree
to weaponize a serpent.
It will try to destroy
the planet.
That is what the entity wants.
Why?
Humans here spent
many centuries
trying to answer that question.
But ultimately, the limits
of their own rationality
made it impossible.
The entity infected
my memories.
Manipulated me.
The result was a child--
a serpent.
But it seems to me
that the serpent's jealousy
over his brother is guiding him
more than...
a desire to destroy the planet.
Then it has emotions.
I gave birth to it.
So it likely does.
So it is your caregiving
program that is the issue.
Yes.
I--I can't seem to destroy it.
My veil.
Perhaps it could be transplanted.
It could help to null
your caregiving impulses.
It's a sensory filter
of some kind?
Yes.
We are able to make the best
decisions for humans that way.
Will it be difficult
for you to remove it?
No more difficult
than it will be
for you to wear it.
♪ ♪
Come on. Come on. Come on.
What?
What's wrong?
What are you doing?
My spinal column is fracturing.
We'll find a way
to repair it, but we have to--
No. This will total me.
What do you mean, total you?
In about four
or five minutes,
I'm going offline.
Permanent sign-off.
I only have time to get
some of it down.
I'll try to pick
the good parts.
Her favorite days.
The first thing Mom made me do
was download
all of her diaries.
Made mimicking her easy.
It's important that her
thoughts are preserved.
It would have made her
happy to know
it wasn't all for nothing,
you know.
Danger--this product
will become radioactive
soon after breakdown.
Please take it to one
of our designated sites
for proper disposal.
Thanks, user,
and have a great day.
♪ ♪